Auto scaling groups are responsible for creating and removing EC2
instances from a group according to configured rules.
They use a launch configuration when creating the instance,
and they can be attached to a target group, so each
instance can be used with a load balancer.
Let's create our auto scaling group.
Open the file create‑autoscaling.js.
First, replace your region on line 4.
I've already created our autoScaling object on line 7.
You're welcome.
On line 11 we need to enter the target group ARN that was created last clip.
If you followed my directions, you should be able to easily retrieve this.
If not, you can also get this from the AWS Console.
Paste the value in the string here.
The next few lines run the code to create our Auto Scaling
group and create a policy for that group.
We'll create the policy in the next clip.
Let's implement the createAutoScalingGroup function on line 17.
Start by declaring our params const object.
The first property is AutoScalingGroupName,
which identifies this Auto Scaling group to us.
Enter the argument asgName as the value here.
Next, add the property AvailabilityZones and set the value as an array.
These are the availability zones where the Auto
Scaling group will launch the instances.
At least two need to be defined.
These availability zones need to match the subnets that we used in the
load balancer so that the Auto Scaling group doesn't create an instance
that can't attach to the load balancer.
In my case, I'm going to put us‑east‑1a and us‑east‑1b.
The next property will be TargetGroupARNs with the value of an array.
Enter the tgArn variable, which we configured earlier.
This property ties the Auto Scaling group to the target group.
The next property is LaunchConfigurationName,
which will have the value lcName from the function argument.
This property ties the Auto Scaling group to the
launch configuration we created.
Next, add the property MaxSize,
which defines the maximum number of instances to create.
I'll enter 2.
The next property is MinSize and defines the minimum
number of instances to have in the group.
I'll enter 1 here.
Now, after the params object,
return a new Promise with the resolve and reject
arguments in a callback function argument.
Inside,
we'll use the autoScaling object and call the createAutoScalingGroup function.
The first argument will be params,
and the second argument will be our callback function
with the err and data arguments.
If there's an err object, call reject with the err object,
and otherwise, call resolve with the data argument.
Now we're done with the Auto Scaling group creation code,
but we won't execute this file until we've completed the Auto Scaling policy code, and we'll do that in the next clip.